BATS: Bump submodules (#6435)
rancher-sandbox/rancher-desktop: bats/README.md

### RD_LOCATION

By default bats will use Rancher Desktop installed in a "system" location. If
that doesn't exists, it will try a "user" location, followed by the local "dist"
directory inside the local git directory. The final option if none of the above

> apply is to use "dev", which uses `npm run dev`. On Linux there is no "user"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apply is to use "dev", which uses `yarn dev`. On Linux there is no "user"
```
